Timeout fetch auth session flutter (#4073)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/auth/flutter/access_credentials/10_fetchAuthSession.mdx

```

If the `getAWSCredentials` option is true, the result will contain AWS credentials and tokens.  If it is set to false, the result will contain a simple `isSignedIn` flag. 

### Setting a timeout for fetchAuthSession

> `fetchAuthSession` timeout can be controlled using the `timeout` function as shown in the below example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On spotty networks, the `fetchAuthSession` call can take upwards of a minute to either complete or fail due to internal retries. If this is too long, consider adding a custom timeout using the `timeout` function as shown in the below example.
```
